Update reference docs for 4.0 (#3370)
yt-project/yt: doc/source/reference/python_introduction.rst

As you can see, this printed out the string "Hello, world." just as we
expected.  Now let's try a more advanced string, one with a number in it.  For

> this we'll use an "f-string", which is the manner by which values are fed into
> a formatted string.  We'll print pi, but only with three digits of accuracy.::

Reviewer: Using "the" when there are at least 4 or 5 different ways to do this in Python seems exaggerated.
```suggestion
this we'll use an "f-string", which is the preferred way to format strings in modern Python.
We'll print pi, but only with three digits of accuracy.::
```

   >>> print(a + 5.1)
   >>> print(a / 2.0)

> Because of a historical aversion to floating point division in Python (which has
> now changed) it's always safest to ensure that either the numerator or the
> denominator is a floating point number.

Reviewer: I think this remark is completely unnecessary in Python 3, so we can drop it :)
```suggestion
```

be tricky but also extremely powerful.  We won't discuss the idea of
broadcasting here, simply because I don't know that I could do it justice!  The
NumPy Docs have a great `section on broadcasting

> <https://numpy.org/doc/stable/user/basics.broadcasting.html>`_.

Reviewer: good catch ! While you're at it, can you update the remaining link to docs.scipy...numpy ? It's in doc/source/conf.py :)

Author: Yep
